okay A movie that made you cry.
Yeah.
Disney!
(***)
uhh
huh ha huh ha
huh ha hmmm
awhhhh
MMMM
i think (***)
huh ha ahh haahaa
okay it 's (***)
Mmmmmm
uhhh
huh ha haahaa
haahaa
haahaa oh
huh ha
(***)
haahaaa (***) so sad
haahaa
huh ha
ahh
huh ha ha
ah ah
haahaa
huh ha
(***)
(***) haahaa
haahaa
yeah But I've gotten used to watching
But then we skip a lot of scenes when we watch.
We know, we skipped a lot of gatherings
so yeah yeah (***)
I don't know what I'm doing.
oh yeah (***) haahaa
. Oh really?
yeah yeah yeah yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, so all the uncut.
yeah yeah yeah So there's some
Like funny scenes. They cut a lot of funny scenes.
In the actual movie? So it flows better but...
Like after you're comfortable, you love the originals.
(***) develop
Yeah, yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah that's right yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah. Rings of power? yeah
yeah it was okay i think
It's based on Tolkien's book, but it's actually based on a...